# Spam-Filter

In recent years, internet has been created several platforms for making human life become more secure. Among these; e-mail is a substantial platform for user communication. Email is nothing; simply it’s called an electronic messaging framework which transmits the message from one user to another.
Nowadays, e-mail has turned into a typical medium because of its several branches like Yahoo mail, Gmail, Outlook etc., which are completely free for all web user by following some administration . At present, Email called a secure worldwide communication medium for its several functions. But sometimes email becomes more hazardous for some “Spam Email”.
Generally, Spam email called as junk email or unsolicited message which sent by spammer through Email. The process is, collected the address on the web and sends the message through domain's username. Actually, it has been produced for financial profits using I the assortment of procedures and instruments that incorporate spoofing, bonnets, open intermediaries, mail transfers, bulk mail instruments called mailers, and so forth. Spam filtering is a challenging undertaking for an assortment of reasons. For spam email, users are facing several problems like abuse of traffic, limit the storage space, computational power, become a barrier for finding the additional email, waste users time and also threat for user security. So, becoming email more secure and effective, appropriate Email filtering is essential.
Spam filtering is a process to detect unsolicited massage and prevent from entering into user’s inbox. Now days, various systems have been existed to generate anti-spam technique for preventing unsolicited bulk email. Most of the anti-spam methods have some inconsistency between false negatives (missed spam) and false positives (rejecting good emails) which act as a barrier for most of the system to make successful antispam system. Therefore, an intelligent and effective spam-filtering system is the prime demand for web users.
